🏴‍☠️ Lil Pirate: Java Game + DevOps Pipeline
Hey! This is a 2D Java game I built a while back that I've recently been using as a guinea pig for some CI/CD practice. While coding the game in Java was fun, the real challenge was building a proper DevOps pipeline to automate everything outside of a standard IDE.

🎮 What’s Under the Hood?
Instead of just hitting "Run" in VS Code and calling it a day, I focused on making the project "production-ready":

Clean Code Structure: Kept things modular with different packages for game logic, UI, and rendering.

Handling Assets: Figured out the right way to bundle and load sprites, audio files, and fonts so they don't break when exported.

Portability: Made sure the game runs as a standalone app, regardless of the local dev environment.

⚙️ The DevOps Side
The main goal here was to get comfortable with automation and containerization. Here’s the breakdown of the stack:

🔹 Version Control (Git & GitHub)
I’m keeping the code on GitHub and following a clean workflow. I actually ran into a weird nested repository issue where a hidden .git folder ended up inside my /src directory—that was a mess to clean up, but it taught me a lot about how Git tracks (or fails to track) submodules and folders.

🔹 Continuous Integration (Jenkins)
I set up a Jenkins pipeline to handle the heavy lifting. Every time I push code, Jenkins:

Grabs the latest version from GitHub.

Sanity Checks the file structure to make sure nothing important is missing.

Builds the Docker image from scratch.

Verifies the build by running the container and checking the logs for errors.

🔹 Containerization (Docker)
Dockerizing a GUI-based Java app is surprisingly tricky. It’s not just a web server; I had to deal with:

Headless Environments: Figuring out how Java's AWT/Swing behaves when there’s no physical screen attached (crucial for CI servers).

The Audio Headache: Containers don't have "ears," so I had to handle how the app reacts when it can't find a sound card.

Compiling on the Fly: Making sure the Dockerfile correctly handles multi-package compilation without leaving a massive image size.

🐳 Getting Started
If you want to build the image yourself, it's pretty straightforward:

Bash
docker build -t lil-pirate .